
common verb that follows an infinitive (not a gerund) as its object
afford to do sth. 负担得起做某事	Women are one half of the population and no country can afford to leave them behind.
agree to do sth. 同意做某事	He agreed to pay me for the drawings.
arrange to do sth.安排做某事	I've arranged to see him on Friday morning.
ask to do sth. 要求做某事	I asked to see the Director.
choose to do sth. 决定做某事	They knew that discrimination was going on, but chose to ignore it.
decide to do sth. 决定做某事	Think about it very carefully before you decide.
determine to do sth. 决心做某事	He determined to rescue his two countrymen.
expect to do sth. 期待做某事	I do expect to have some time to myself in the evenings.
fear to do sth. 害怕做某事	Do the thing you fear to do and keep on doing it…
help to do sth. 帮助做某事	As you can imagine, telling my insurance-scam friend that he should be ashamed to infringe the law, let alone asking anybody else’s help to do it, was not going to do wonders for our friendship!
hope to do sth. 希望做某事	But now I am feeling confident for the new season and I hope to do my best and help the team win trophies.
learn to do sth. 学习做某事	Once you learn to do this, you can do it any time.
manage to do sth. 设法做某事	If you don't manage to do everything, it doesn't matter - move any incomplete tasks from today on to tomorrow's list.
offer to do sth. 主动提出做某事	Is there something valuable they offer to do for them in exchange?
plan to do sth. 计划做某事	What do you plan to do in the land of the sleepers?
prepare to do sth. 准备做某事	And Shylock, take your knife and prepare to do the deed.
pretend to do sth. 假装做某事	Many grief can not be said, had to pretend do not know how, in the lonely night, I put them buried in the moon.
promise to do sth. 答应做某事	"Do you promise to do whatever I tell you"? said the Master gravely.
refuse to do sth. 拒绝做某事	Many veterinarians refuse to do the surgery on ethical grounds.
want to do sth. 想要做某事	If they want to do something special, they can do it.
wish to do sth. 希望做某事	We wish to desegregate all schools.
aim to do sth. 打算做某事	I aim to instill in them the pleasure of giving.
fail to do sth. 未能做某事	Many obese people complain that others believe they are overweight simply because they eat too much or fail to exercise.
long to do sth. 渴望做某事	The kind of love we long to show others is only found in a growing relationship with God.
happen to do sth. 碰巧做某事	We happened to discover we had a friend in common.
hesitate to do sth. 犹豫做某事	Some parents hesitate to take these steps because they suspect that their child is exaggerating.
struggle to do sth. 努力做某事	They had to struggle against all kinds of adversity.
elect to do sth. 选择做某事	Those electing to smoke will be seated at the rear.
mean to do sth. 打算做某事	Summer is the perfect time to catch up on the new books you meant to read.

common verb that follows an infinitive as its object
advise sb. to do sth. 建议某人做某事	The minister advised him to leave as soon as possible.
allow sb. to do sth. 允许某人做某事	The children are allowed to watch TV after school.
ask sb. to do sth. 请（叫）某人做某事	We had to ask him to leave.
beg sb. to do sth. 请求某人做某事	I begged him to come back to New York with me.
command sb. to do sth. 命令某人做某事	He commanded his troops to attack.
drive sb. to do sth. 驱使某人做某事	More than once, depression drove him to attempt suicide.
encourage sb. to do sth. 鼓励某人做某事	Herbie Hancock was encouraged by his family to learn music at a young age.
expect sb. to do sth. 期望某人做某事	What do you expect me to do?
forbid sb. to do sth. 禁止某人做某事	She was shut away and forbidden to read.
force sb. to do sth. 强迫某人做某事	He took two women hostage and forced them to drive away from the area.
intend sb. to do sth. 打算要某人做某事	Maybe he intends to leave her.
invite sb. to do sth. 邀请某人做某事	He invited me to go into partnership with him.
leave sb. to do sth. 留下某人做某事	I'll leave you to get to know each other.
oblige sb. to do sth. 迫使某人做某事	Finally, I was obliged to abandon the car and continue on foot.
order sb. to do sth. 命令某人做某事	Williams ordered him to leave.
permit sb. to do sth. 允许某人做某事	The guards permitted me to bring my camera and tape recorder.
persuade sb. to do sth. 说服某人做某事	We're trying to persuade manufacturers to sell them here.
request sb. to do sth. 要求某人做某事	Students are requested to park at the rear of the building.
remind sb. to do sth. 提醒某人做某事	Can you remind me to buy a bottle of wine?
tell sb. to do sth. 告诉某人做某事	He said officers told him to get out of his car and lean against it.
train sb. to do sth. 训练某人做某事	He was training us to be soldiers.
trouble sb. to do sth. 麻烦某人做某事	He burps, not troubling to cover his mouth.
warn sb. not to do sth. 警告某人做某事	Mrs.Blount warned me not to interfere.
wish sb. to do sth. 希望某人做某事	If you wish to go away for the weekend, our office will be delighted to make hotel reservations.
persuade sb. to do sth. 说服某人做某事	My husband persuaded me to come.

common verb that follows a gerund (not an infinitive) as its object
avoid doing sth. 避免做某事	By borrowing from dozens of banks, he managed to avoid giving any of them an overall picture of what he was up to.
consider doing sth. 考虑做某事	I had seriously considered telling the story from the point of view of the wives.
delay doing sth. 推迟做某事	They had delayed having children, for the usual reason, to establish their careers.
finish doing sth. 完成做某事	As soon as he'd finished eating, he excused himself.
give up doing sth. 放弃做某事	The Coast Guard had given up finding the two divers alive.
imagine doing sth. 想象做某事	He could not imagine creating a more peaceful scene.
keep doing sth. 保持做某事	I keep forgetting it's December.
mind doing sth. 介意做某事	I hope you don't mind me stopping in like this, without an appointment.
miss doing sth. 错过做某事	Because I want to start incorporating it back into my videos, because I sort of miss doing it.
practice doing sth. 练习做某事	Practice doing this type of breathing several times per day.
risk doing sth. 冒险做某事	The skipper was not willing to risk taking his ship through the straits until he could see where he was going.
stop doing sth. 停止做某事	Stop throwing those stones!
suggest doing sth. 建议做某事	I suggest taking some money that you already have in your budget, and giving them control of it.

common verb that follows the gerund form of a verb as an object complement
catch sb. doing sth. 碰上（撞上）某人做某事	He caught a youth breaking into a car.
feel sb. doing sth. 感觉某人做某事	If at any point you feel yourself becoming tense, make a conscious effort to relax.
find sb. doing sth. 碰上（撞上）某人做某事	I found myself having more fun than I had had in years
notice sb. doing sth. 注意到某人做某事	From the first day, he notice a girl watching him.
prevent sb. from doing sth. 阻止某人做某事	He said this would prevent companies from creating new jobs.
prohibit sb. from doing sth. 禁止做某事	Soviet citizens were prohibited from travelling abroad.
stop sb. doing sth. 阻止某人做某事	In other words, we should stop them killing us and our children.
can't help doing sth. 禁不住做某事	We used to believe that some group of people--because of circumstances--could not help doing what they did.

common verb that follows the original form of a verb as an object complement
help sb. do sth. 帮助某人做某事	Help me lift the chest up on the table.
have sb. do sth. 使某人做某事	The bridge is not as impressive as some guides would have you believe.
let sb. do sth.让某人做某事	I love sweets but Mum doesn't let me have them very often.
make sb. do sth. 使某人做某事	You can't make me do anything.

infinitive and gerund with the same meanings
like to do sth. 喜欢做某事	What do you like to do at weekend?
like doing sth. 喜欢做某事	What do you like doing at weekend?
love to do sth. 喜欢做某事	What do you love to do at weekend?
love doing sth. 喜欢做某事	What do you love doing at weekend?
hate to do sth. 憎恨做某事	I would hate to see this one go.
hate doing sth. 憎恨做某事	I would hate seeing this one go.
prefer to do sth. 宁可做某事	I prefer to fight things out in public.
prefer doing sth. 宁可做某事	I prefer fighting things out in public.
begin to do sth. 开始做某事	He stood up and began to move around the room.
begin doing sth. 开始做某事	He stood up and began moving around the room.
start to do sth. 开始做某事	John then unlocked the front door and I started to follow him up the stairs.
start doing sth. 开始做某事	John then unlocked the front door and I started following him up the stairs.
continue to do sth. 继续做某事	I hope they continue to fight for equal justice after I'm gone.
continue doing sth. 继续做某事	I hope they continue fighting for equal justice after I'm gone.
bother to do sth. 麻烦做某事	Lots of people don't bother to go through a marriage ceremony these days.
bother doing sth. 麻烦做某事	Lots of people don't bother going through a marriage ceremony these days.
intend to do sth. 想要做某事	What do you intend to do when you get to this place?
intend doing sth. 想要做某事	What do you intend doing when you get to this place?
attempt to do sth. 试图做某事	The only time that we attempted to do something like that was in the city of Philadelphia.
attempt doing sth. 试图做某事	The only time that we attempted doing something like that was in the city of Philadelphia.
cease to do sth. 停止做某事	He never ceases to amaze me.
cease doing sth. 停止做某事	He never ceases amazing me.

infinitive and gerund with different meanings
remember to do sth. 记住要做某事	Please remember to enclose a stamped self-addressed envelope when writing.
remember doing sth. 记住曾做过某事	He didn't even remember doing it.
forget to do sth. 忘记要做某事	She forgot to lock her door one day and two men got in.
forget doing sth. 忘记曾做过某事	I would have suggested to forget even doing this experiment as the animals were too old to show any effect.
regret to do sth. 遗憾要做某事	I regret to tell you a bad news.
regret doing sth. 后悔曾做过某事	I have no regret marrying you.
try to do sth. 设法要做某事	You must try to strike a happy medium.
try doing sth. 做某事试试看有何效果	The next time you feel stressed or tired, try doing an exercise you enjoy.
mean to do sth. 打算做某事	I didn't mean to hurt you.
mean doing sth. 意味着做某事	The key idea is that procrastinating does not mean doing absolutely nothing.
go on to do sth. 做完某事后接着做另一事	You go on to say that we should not fear this outcome.
go on doing sth. 继续做一直在做的事	Suddenly, she wondered whether she should go on doing her job or just quit and find happiness somewhere else

verb+sb+of sth
accuse sb. of sth. 控告某人犯某事（罪），指责某人做某事	My mom was really upset because he was accusing her of having an affair with another man.
cheat sb. of sth. 骗取某人某物	The company engaged in a deliberate effort to cheat them out of their pensions.
inform sb. of sth. 通知某人某情况（事）	They would inform him of any progress they had made.
remind sb. of sth. 使某人想起某情况（事）	So she simply welcomed Tim and reminded him of the last time they had met.
rob sb. of sth. 抢劫某人的某东西	When Miles Davis died jazz was robbed of its most distinctive voice.

verb+sb+for doing sth
blame sb. for doing sth. 指责某人做某事	The commission is expected to blame the army for many of the atrocities.
criticize sb. for doing sth. 批评某人做某事	Many criticize them for deference to authority, abundant rules and conformity.
forgive sb. for doing sth. 原谅某人做某事	Looking at the figures, you could be forgiven for thinking the recession is already over.
excuse sb. for doing sth. 原谅某人做某事	Many people might have excused them for shirking some of their responsibilities.
scold sb. for doing sth. 指责（责备）某人做某事	Nobody’s going to scold you for eating three bowls of Cap’n Crunch.
thank sb. for doing sth. 感谢某人做某事	Thank you for furnishing me with so many data.

verb+sb+into doing sth
frighten sb. into doing sth. 吓唬某人做某事	That was a gigantic piece of propaganda designed to frighten you into holding cash.

intransitive phrasal verbs easily misused as transitive verbs
depend on sb. 依靠（依赖）某人	"You can depend on me," Cross assured him.
insist on doing sth. 坚持要做某事	She insisted on being present at all the interviews.
knock on the door 敲门	She went directly to Simon's apartment and knocked on the door.
operate on sb. 为某人做手术	In March 2005, surgeons operated on Max for a brain aneurysm.
participate in sth. 参加某事	They expected him to participate in the ceremony.
refer to sth. 查阅（参考)某物	In his speech, he referred to a recent trip to Canada.
rely on sb. 依靠某人	They relied heavily on the advice of their professional advisers.

be+adj+about
be angry about 为……生气	Californians were angry about property taxes.
be anxious about 为……担忧	They may be angry or anxious about dealing with other patients.
be careful about 当心……	We have to be careful about injuries but we have to prepare for that game.
be curious about 对……好奇	If you are curious about something, you are interested in it and want to know more about it.
be disappointed in 对……失望	You should have accepted that. I'm disappointed in you.
be excited about 对……感到兴奋	If you aren’t, you have a reason to be excited about your work.
be glad about 对……感到高兴	If you are glad about something, you are happy and pleased about it.
be happy about 为……感到高兴	Sadly, not everyone is happy about this display of gratitude.
be mad about 对……入迷	She's not as mad about sports as I am.
be nervous about 为……感到不安	This is for those of you who feel nervous about measurements.
be particular about 对……讲究	If he thinks I’m particular about excavation records, you should see him taking pictures!
be serious about 对……认真	You really are serious about this, aren't you?
be worried about 为……担忧	It all sounds rather disconcerting, but should you be worried about this?

be+adj+at
be angry at 为……生气	Even when I'm angry at you I still love you.
be bad at 不善于……	Why is the military so bad at retaining these people?
be clever at 擅长于……	Part of the problem is that spammers are getting very clever at allowing their spam to make it through the filters.
be disappointed at 对……失望	The boy felt disappointed at the match.
be expert at 在……方面是内行	The Japanese are expert at lowering manufacturing costs.
be good at 善于……	I am not good at expressing myself.By contrast, I am better at thinking indeed.
be mad at 对……发怒	I know you’re still mad at me for ditching you off.
be skilful at 在……方面熟练	Someone who is skilful at something does it very well.

be+adj+for
be anxious for 渴望	You lose your mind, sleep, becomes anxious for everything.
be bound for 前往	The ship was bound for Italy.
be convenient for 对……方便，在……附近	As a famous lawyer, it was convenient for him to do that.
be eager for 渴望	I was at once reluctant to abandon the life I knew and eager for the challenge
be famous for 因……闻名	I like Japanese food because it is famous for being fresh.
be fit for 合适，适合	Those words are a reward fit for a queen.
be good for 对……有益（方便）	Not all fish are good for you.
be grateful for 感谢	We all have something to be grateful for but we don't realize it.
be hungry for 渴望得到	Like I said, I was ready to go, hungry for adventure, itching for danger, desperate for a story to tell.
be necessary for 对……有必要	But beyond what is necessary for these purposes, there will be no invasion, no using of force against or among the people anywhere.
be ready for 为……准备好	She says she's not ready for marriage.
be sorry for 因……抱歉	I felt sorry for him and his colleagues – it must have been so frustrating for them.
be suitable for 对……合适（适宜）	Employers usually decide within five minutes whether someone is suitable for the job.
be thankful for 因……而感激	Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more.
be well-known for 以……出名	Hubbard was well known for his work in the field of drug rehabilitation.

be+adj+from
be absent from 缺席，不在	He has been absent from his desk for two weeks.
be different from 与……不同	They will be entities as different from us as we are from a bug.
be far from 离……远，远远不	The game is far from over.
be free from 没有，免受	Why should anaction become free from one moment to the next simply because wereflect upon it?
be safe from 没有……的危险	They are safe from the violence that threatened them.
be expert at 在……方面是行家	The Japanese are expert at lowering manufacturing costs.

be+adj+in
be disappointed in 对（某人）感到失望	You should have accepted that. I'm disappointed in you.
be engaged in 从事于，忙于	Someone who is engaged in a particular activity is doing that thing.
be experienced in 在……方面有经验	Your games programmers are not experienced in this area.
be fortunate in 在……方面幸运	I was very fortunate in that regard.
be interested in 对……感兴趣	I thought she might be interested in Paula's proposal.
be successful in 在……方面成功	I told him, you were successful in Ireland, but this is different.

be+adj+of
be afraid of 害怕	I was afraid of the other boys.
be ashamed of 为……感到羞愧	I've never told this to anyone, but it's true, I was terribly ashamed of my mom.
be aware of 意识到，知道	Smokers are well aware of the dangers to their own health.
be capable of 能够，可以	He appeared hardly capable of conducting a coherent conversation.
be certain of 确信，对……有把握	I am only certain of one thing in my life.
be fond of 喜欢	I am very fond of Michael.
be free of 没有，摆脱	She retains her slim figure and is free of wrinkles.
be full of 充满	The case was full of clothes.
be proud of 为……自豪	The result is that everyone around is proud of the baby accomplishing his goal.
be short of 缺乏	Her father's illness left the family short of money.
be shy of 不好意思	They feel shy of showing their feelings.
be sick of 对……厌倦	I am sick and tired of hearing all these people moaning.
be sure of 肯定，有把握	A lot of people think that it's better to pay for their education so that they can be sure of getting quality.
be tired of 对……厌烦	I am tired of all the speculation.
be worthy of 只得，配得上	The bank might think you're worthy of a loan.

be+adj+to
be accustomed to 习惯于	I was accustomed to being the only child at a table full of adults.
be blind to 对……视而不见	David's good looks and impeccable manners had always made her blind to his faults.
be close to 靠近，接近	Her lips were close to his head and her breath tickled his ear.
be devoted to 献身，专心于	I have personally been devoted to this cause for many years.
be equal to 等于，能胜任	Investors can borrow an amount equal to the property's purchase price.
be familiar to 为（某人）所熟悉	He talked of other cultures as if they were more familiar to him than his own.
be harmful to 对……有危害	Polluted air and water are harmful to people’s health.
be open to 对……开放，易受到	The system, though well-meaning, is open to abuse.
be opposed to 反对，不赞成	I am utterly opposed to any form of terrorism.
be opposite to 在……对面，和……相反	Moreover, a courtroom opposite to Wu's hearing room will temporarily serve as a medical room.
be polite to 对……有礼貌	It is not polite to interrupt when someone is talking.
be related to 与……有关（是亲戚）	Yes, the ads are related to what you are looking at, but that can make them more useful.
be similar to 与……相似	You should end up with something similar to what I have below.
be true to 忠实于，信守	David was true to his wife.
be used to 习惯于	People used to come and visit him every day.
be reduced to sth. 使某人沦为做某事	Making a decision of that magnitude cannot be reduced to a formula.
be equal to sth. 等于某事，能胜任某事	Those two have to be equal to each other.

be+adj+with
be angry with 对（某人）生气	Earth Commander was very angry with you yesterday.
be bored with 对……厌烦	If you do not want to get bored with running and do it on autopilot try something new.
be busy with 忙于	They are so busy with other, more severely hit areas.
be careful with 精打细算	Industries should be more careful with natural resources.
be concerned with 关心	In this case, we are concerned with the danger of a rogue application.
be content with 以……为满足	I'm perfectly content with the way the campaign has gone.
be delighted with 对……感到高兴	Her husband was surprised and delighted with the suggestion coming from her.
be familiar with 熟悉，精通	Most people are familiar with this figure from Wagner's opera.
be ill with 患……病	By this time Mr Denard was ill with Alzheimer's, but there was another reason.
be patient with 对（某人）有耐心	You allways so patient with me.
be pleased with 对……满意（高兴）	I'm pleased with the way things have been going.
be popular with 受……欢迎	She was not popular with other children, either.
be satisfied with 对……满意	We are not satisfied with these results.
be strict with 对（某人）严格	The manager from Japan is strict with us.

in+others+of
in advance of 在……前面	It is also commonplace for a company to generate cash in advance of revenue.
in aid of 帮助	What is the money in aid of?
in behalf of 为了，为了……的利益	That is what I will work for, live for, and die in behalf of.
in case of 如果，万一，以防	Exchange numbers with elderly neighbors in case of an emergency.
in celebration of 庆祝	Americans honored veterans around the country Sunday in celebration of Veterans Day.
in charge of 负责，管理	The woman in charge of the event used red, white and blue for decorations.
in commemoration of 纪念，庆祝	Despite this, many school teachers are automatically held in commemoration of June 6.
in defence of 保卫	The leader's speech in defence of the policy didn't carry much conviction.
in explanation of 解释	What would you say in explanation of your absence?
in face of 面对	In the late 1990s ASEAN was powerless in face of a series of blows.
in favour of 赞成，主张	I am not in favour of the Arsenal system.
in front of 在……前面	Russell tried to move his pickup, but too many people were in front of it.
in honor of 纪念，祝贺，欢迎	But in honor of this event, I wrote them down using my Montblanc pen.
in memory of 纪念	The match opened with a minute of silence in memory of the dead.
in need of 需要	My nerves felt like they were in need of a good cup of tea.
in place of 代替	The original idea was to use the iPads as e-readers, in place of traditional textbooks.
in possession of 拥有	But the authorities believed Davis was in possession of stolen government property.
in praise of 称赞	He gave a speech in praise of the school.
in respect of 关于，就……而言	We are very sorry not to be able to give you a definite reply in respect of the above matter.
in search of 寻找，搜找	He spent the first half of his life in search of a stable identity.
in sight of 看得见，在看见……的地方	He followed it until he was in sight of the homestead.
in spite of 虽然，尽管	But I am confident that you will be able to enjoy the paintings in spite of the crowd.
in support of 为了支持（拥护）……	I am just doing what I can in support of them.
in view of 鉴于，考虑到	Accordingly and in view of the importance of this issue, further discussion is needed.
in exchange for 作为对……的交换	Are you really willing to use their own life in exchange for it?
in preparation for 为……作准备	In preparation for the Olympics, Tyson will ship beef, chicken and pork to China.
in return for 作为……的报答	Brazil and South Africa say they could accept binding obligations in return for finance.
in reward for 作为……的报酬	He gets very little in reward for his hard work.
in addition to 加之，除……之外	In addition to helping China companies come to the U.S., GGV helps U.S. companies explore China.
in answer to 回答，响应	So in answer to your question, I would hope we'd never have to.
in contrast to 与……形成对比	Unemployment in Germany is also falling, in contrast to the trend in France.
in contrast with 与……形成对比	Progress has been slow but, in contrast with Iraq, the security outlook has improved a little.
in opposition to 与……相反，反对	Not all residents are in opposition to the offshore oil plans.
in reply to 作为对……的回答（答复）	What did you say in reply to her request?
in response to 回答，响应	He also set up a "food studio", where cooks devise new recipes in response to local trends.
in reference to 参考	The word 'eat' is legally permissible only in reference to substances appropriate for human consumption.
in regard to 关于	In regard to time, 30,000 seconds is actually only a little over eight hours.

verb+to(prep)+gerund
admit to doing sth. 承认做了某事	Journalists admit to censoring themselves out of fear.
object to doing sth. 反对做某事	People did not object to making young children work long hours, in places that had bad air and bad light.
stick to doing sth. 坚持做某事	Perhaps he should have stuck to writing.
take to doing sth. 喜欢上做某事，逐渐习惯做某事	They had taken to wandering through the streets arm-in-arm.

verb+obj+to(prep)+gerund
apply oneself to doing sth. 专心致力于做某事	It's difficult to apply oneself to doing a boring task.
devote sth. to doing sth. 把……献给做某事	I find it's worthwhile to devote a lot of my time to searching for books that interest me.
devote oneself to doing sth. 献身于做某事	I devote myself to helping others.

verb+noun+to(prep)+gerund
have an eye to doing sth. 注意做某事	Have an eye to spelling in these test papers.
set one's mind to doing sth. 决心做某事	I set my mind to forgetting the past.

be+adj+to(prep)+gerund
be used to doing sth. 习惯于做某事	He is used to driving in all kinds of weather.
be opposed to doing sth. 反对做某事	Max well 's word be opposed to helping those student .
be devoted to doing sth. 把时间（钱，精力等）献给做某事	Clean water means precious time once spent fetching water can now be devoted to spending time with families.
be limited to doing sth. 把……限制在做某事的范围内	Similarly, team members in a development organization are rarely limited to doing one task.

others+to(prep)+gerund
get down to doing sth. 开始做某事，认真处理某事	Shall we have a rest or get down to doing our work?
look forward to doing sth. 盼望做某事	I look forward to hearing your views.

verb+prep
agree with sth. 同意某事	You may not agree with some tough decisions I have made.
agree with sb. 同意某人的观点	I do not agree with him.
care for sb. 喜爱、照顾	He wanted me to know that he still cared for me.
put sth. off 推迟	Women who put off having a baby often make the best mothers.
argue with sb. 与某人争论	The committee is concerned about players' behaviour, especially arguing with referees.

others
pay attention to sth. 注意某事	Do you pay attention to what you say to yourself?
have an objection to sth. 反对（反感）某事	I have an objection to the proposal.
have a dislike to sth. 厌恶某事	I have a particular dislike to fatty meat.
give one's mind to sth. 专心于某事	If a pig can give his mind to anything he will not be a pig.
give one's life to sth. 献身于某事	They resound through the haunting scenes and give life to the scenery.
see to sth. 负责某事	While Franklin saw to the luggage, Sara took Eleanor home.
apply to sth. 适用于某事	Does it apply to all data elements in its scope?